---
title: "Do you disappear when you delete Grindr?"
date: 2022-06-13
tags: ["How to delete"]
---

---
{{< youtube ZZQaHv-SJcs >}}
## What happens when you delete your Grindr?
Answer: The following information will be deleted: your Grindr account email address, profile information (like your headline, about, etc), profile photo, favorites, and chats. Your account will be completely removed and you won't be able to recover any information previously stored on your account.

## When you delete Grindr Does your account disappear?
If you delete your Grindr profile, it will be removed from the app and all of your data will be deleted. This includes any photos you may have shared with potential matches.

## How do you know if someone deleted Grindr?
The easiest way is to go onto Grindr yourself and go looking for the other person's profile. If it exists, then you have your answer. The only problem is that if your partner is cheating, then there's the problem of fake and anonymous profiles.Feb 6, 2020

## Can you permanently delete Grindr?
Tap on your profile at the top left corner. Tap on Settings at the bottom. On the Settings page, select Deactivate. Tap DELETE ACCOUNT at the bottom of your screen.Jul 19, 2021

## Does deleting your Grindr account delete messages?
When a profile is banned for breaching our Community Guidelines, we will remove their presence from the app entirely. This includes messages they've sent to others. It's also possible that this person has deleted their Grindr profile -- doing so will remove all of their data as well as messages they've sent to others.

## How do you know if someone deleted Grindr?
The easiest way is to go onto Grindr yourself and go looking for the other person's profile. If it exists, then you have your answer. The only problem is that if your partner is cheating, then there's the problem of fake and anonymous profiles.Feb 6, 2020

## Can you permanently delete Grindr?
Tap on your profile at the top left corner. Tap on Settings at the bottom. On the Settings page, select Deactivate. Tap DELETE ACCOUNT at the bottom of your screen.Jul 19, 2021

## Where is Grindr data stored?
So, without further ado, Grindr's photo cache is located at /data/data/com. grindrapp. android/cache/picasso-cache/ . This folder may contain a lot of files, mine had 3,458 and so Root Browser took a while to load that folder.Apr 4, 2014

## Does Grindr keep your data?
After verifying your account, we'll be able to send you a report of the data that is stored on our servers. Note that personal data reports generated by our support teams will not include data that is stored directly on your device (such as chats, images, etc.), as Grindr does not have access to that information.

## When you delete Grindr Does your profile disappear?
Please note: if you remove the Grindr app from your phone and you haven't backed up your data, your chat conversations, saved phrases, and photos in your chat history will disappear, but your profile information (ie, photo, about, favorites, and blocks) won't be affected.

## Can you log in and out of Grindr?
You can sign out of Grindr any time you want to take a break without having to delete your account.Sep 23, 2019

## How do you not appear on Grindr?
On Android (9.0 and up), go to Settings and in the search bar, type “App permissions.” In the App permissions menu, tap Location and next to Grindr, tap the slider to disable. With Location Services turned off, you won't be able to see any profiles in the grid, but you can still view messages.Sep 14, 2018

## How long before you disappear on Grindr?
In each grid, “Active” users show up as green dots on their profiles — meaning they currently have the app open, or that they closed it fewer than 10 minutes ago (presumably to have a good cry). After a user becomes inactive, the green dot goes away, but their profile stays on the grid for about an hour.Jun 28, 2021

## How do I remove photos from Grindr?
Select any message thread from your inbox. Select the camera icon, below the typing bar. Press and hold the photo you'd like to remove. Confirm by tapping on delete.

## How do I delete my Grindr data?
Open Settings on your device. Tap Apps > Grindr. Tap Storage. Tap on Clear Data.

## Does deleting Grindr account delete pictures?
Deleting an account does not remove: Private profile information and photos from other devices where Grindr is installed(if you close Grindr app on one device it may still appear on another).

## What happens when I delete Grindr?
If you delete your Grindr profile, you will no longer be able to access the app. Your account and data will be permanently deleted and cannot be recovered.

## Can you suspend Grindr account?
Grindr can suspend your account for numerous reasons. The most common reasons involve violating the platform's terms of service, like disrespecting or threatening other users. Disrespecting Grinder's community guidelines can also be a cause for an account suspension.

## Can you hide Grindr?
The Discreet App Icon (DAI) allows you to change the Grindr app image on your phone. It's offered on both platforms (Android/iOS) as a free privacy and security feature to everyone. To set up your DAI: Select your Profile icon.

## Does logging out of Grindr hide your profile?
When you log off the account, people can still view your profile. You can retain the messages and media in this platform without any issues.

## Can I reactivate my Grindr account?
Unfortunately, a deleted profile can't be recovered as this is a permanent action. You can, however, create a new profile using the same credentials. If you are a premium user, you can create a new account and restore your purchase, but all data and chats will unfortunately not be available.

## Does logging out of Grindr hide your profile?
When you log off the account, people can still view your profile. You can retain the messages and media in this platform without any issues.

## How do you get unsuspended on Grindr?
Writing an honest appeal is the only way to get unbanned from Grindr, so you should first be sure that you haven't violated any guidelines. Grindr states that harassment, illegal behavior, underage activity, spam, nudity, impersonation, and discrimination are all in violation of their Community Guidelines.Jan 13, 2022

## How do you know if someone deleted Grindr?
The easiest way is to go onto Grindr yourself and go looking for the other person's profile. If it exists, then you have your answer. The only problem is that if your partner is cheating, then there's the problem of fake and anonymous profiles.Feb 6, 2020

## Does deleting Grindr delete photos?
Please note: if you remove the Grindr app from your phone and you haven't backed up your data, your chat conversations, saved phrases, and photos in your chat history will disappear, but your profile information (ie, photo, about, favorites, and blocks) won't be affected.

## What happens when I delete my Grindr account?
Delete Grindr - Android - Slides & Instructions Remember, you will need to cancel your recurring subscription when deleting your account; otherwise you will keep paying for your profile even though it has been deleted.

## Does deleting Grindr account delete messages for everyone?
Yes, deleting your Grindr account will delete all messages and conversations you have had with other people on the app.

## How do I delete all traces on Grindr?
To access your Grindr app settings, either tap the yellow Settings at the bottom or tap your profile picture, then tap the gray gear icon that's now in the top right corner. Tap Deactivate > Delete Account.May 5, 2022

## Does Grindr keep your photos?
So, without further ado, Grindr's photo cache is located at /data/data/com. grindrapp. android/cache/picasso-cache/ . This folder may contain a lot of files, mine had 3,458 and so Root Browser took a while to load that folder.Apr 4, 2014

## How do I delete all traces on Grindr?
To access your Grindr app settings, either tap the yellow Settings at the bottom or tap your profile picture, then tap the gray gear icon that's now in the top right corner. Tap Deactivate > Delete Account.May 5, 2022

## How do you Unsend an album on Grindr?
To rescind Album access, select each profile you wish to remove, and then tap Stop Sharing. You can also unshare your Album from within a chat conversation. Head to your Media – if you're currently sharing your Album with them, you'll see this indicated here. Tap on My Album, and then select Stop Sharing.

